[Music]
whoever does it well there are people who don't
do it well there are people who are amazing I'm going to
give you some examples there are some that have
been mentioned because I don't care
but because I don't care directly or
rather if you put yourself Danny Vital
thanks to this one directly they
directly invent the news
for you the best so better
this one directly they invent the
news so that he stays with his father Olga
Moreno loses her temper against Rocío
Flores her axis stepdaughters be
Rocío Flores' judges they could have landed a
briefcase from Rocío Juradó Segura Antonio
Davis you are Antonio Davis Tasa
invents super strong things
and to hell with it nobody knows who
the videos don't take 2 minutes the
videos literally that they are going to make
the minutes and they take out a thousand videos this
look nor Vital which which translates
this
this translates from digital I think it
is the most watched the most watched channel of what
the heart says seven and a half million
has this m
seven and a half million there are months that it
has 26 million
because because you the public that we
have brought you the revolution that we have
created in  youtube
many of you are older people and not to
offend but the truth is I am
older people who have come to youtube
thinks that everything and thinks that everyone is worth it
all channels are worth it hey
this channel has been around for many years
channel formerly it pisses me off
those who have known it for many
years I know who it is and so on
but come on here you have the visits it
had worth 20 until until here you
have it look
January for a little documentary okay they
saw the edge and even another channel there
are channels that have directly
created to become blue tide
even if they do not understand the subject or have not
seen the documentary or support antonio
dhabi maybe surely
he does not give a [ __ ] [ __ ] then there
was news of the blue heart and things like that they
call the news
the blue heart
news of the blue heart the same thing they
invent news they invent the most
skilled it occurs to him rocío flores sends
an official message to olga moreno and
publicly reveals whether or not she is
estranged look they want to dismember me
collaborator of telecinco on 7 the
alarms for serious death threats
confirm the forceful message of the rose  I
mean they release news that also tends to be
looks leaked audio of Maria Teresa
Campos with evidence that would put
Rocío Carrasco in jail
like the AFA like Antonia's fans
well more heavy plan the most
hooligan
literally want the blue tide mode
more than the dirty tide okay I mean it makes
money to speak in favor of Antonio David
in fact we have proven that
when I have to be critical of him I have
lost visits and weeks of
subscribers okay because there is a
large tide of older ladies who
find these videos and they are the ones
who want to listen
you understand they are the ones who want to
listen
they want to hear the more
nonsense the better Mike to do his job
spectacularly
this is not legal of course Juana but
put yourself to sue this to
see how coyote finds out who it is and
how he knows if there is a way to get in this
hygiene but it is a roll it takes years and
well if one day it causes but I
am informing so that you do not fall for
these things
but like this there are a lot of
channels that have been created like this
okay
[Music]
blue channel HD or something like that there was also
another
or channel 5 h I think it was
this is a girl that you
also flip out many times but you
also flip out many times to the extreme that it
reaches they are not fake news
but well it gives them a rebolini tinge it was
moved it is tremendous this one also
has 67 million views based on
exaggeration let's call it exaggeration and
always leaning towards the blue tide okay hey
everyone can earn their bread
however they want everyone can earn their
bread however they want and that's it you know but
man I'm telling you so you
know what there is okay there was one that
was channel blue
there are a few they are all called more or
less the same channel blue 5 h d or
channel mother blue they
are all focused on seeing
look this is another one from the blue heart press
different look you see it is called the
same
okay it is
made up news telecinco
confirms the surprise signing
that destroys rocio carrasco and fidel
albiac my mother is olga look at the
thumbnail rocio flores sends messages my
mother olga
illiterate as hell it is a manuel to be
already with total I mean they make up the
most beastly news
possible okay she makes up the  the most
brutal news possible and people fall
people fall then
I'm putting you in context of
something that Frank Cuesta is going to apply
too and Federico who comes to say
this but surely you have not
understood it because the radio cannot be
explained the same as here but there are
many there is one that imitates the over 35
named what it was called we cannot call
in the HD news
and now we put Olga Moreno
and we put the upload date
look at the news of the heart
another is that there are many look see another
okay Jaime Cantizano raise your hairs on
end now well there are channels and channels and
channels that invent news with the
format of this one below but they
invent it but they are false they put the
most tremendous title in the world and everything is against
always like throwing to the blue tide they are
always in favor of Antonia's side
and against everything that is Rocío
Carrasco the factory such as what they have
seen that it is the side they have been very
smart they have noticed and they have seen okay and they
are doing that look at journalism like
an HD with the logo 5 in salt they are invented channels
okay take away the  number of subscribers
so you don't see that they have 200
subscribers you
understand me there are many invented channels there are
some channels that are anonymous
people who are inventing other
channels
okay
and there are other everyday people with good
information from the heart other than that I don't
even know how many there are your life
this is the fairy a little while ago more
information on July 31, 2010 he
created the channel but surely before it
was about something else look and he changed
the name
to have it finished and the mouse
the while I have to go out tomorrow for some
people there are many
but that topic is already over what will it be what will they be
well when the topic is
over they don't care they will have
taken out the time that it takes to last what they have been
able to take out
but you have to I am saying this
because you have to be careful look let's
look at this channel what it was before
older videos
well this channel used to have
merengue songs uploaded
okay and suddenly well 11 days ago look
11 days ago he started doing this
news thing look at
the possible cause of José
Luis Diego's death he tried the same thing have you
seen the  filo have
seen it and sometimes I don't want to be
disrespectful with the two trips and
but with all the love
there are many people well this is tremendous
I am álamos critical many times also this is
on twitter also chatting
for you from the blue tide this is one
that is dedicated to stealing directly
calls these days
because not whatever it is is directly
in the videos of Europa Press of the
Instagram stories of wherever they are
videos that are not theirs nor do they comment and
upload and before it was called Rocío Flores the
channel when we put them here to
report it eyes changed the name to
salteadores but as salsa dor is that
if what it does is upload videos that are not
yours
I insist it does not matter because the place is
political for thank you very much well now having
put it in context now I
think you are going to understand a little of what there is
these are invented channels
okay then apart from the
invented channels look at it if it is news
also with blue things
world tele
and I believe that many are the same
person creating many channels
there are many channels that are without false
invented that have come from low stone
okay watch tele 5 5  bombs today around here
well I don't know if it will be the line Antonio
was in the thumbnail [ __ ] the [ __ ]
mouse but let's see if I can do it live
let's see if I can do it live I
took away that my union of others
I'm going to have a mouse now it works look
okay
this is the one we had seen this what we
had seen and
thank you very much thank you
this is incredible no longer seeing this
thumbnail I imagine today's bombshell
Telecinco makes an unexpected decision
that affects the economy Carpena thank you very much
Rocío Flores I'm going to kill you dad
the sad goodbye about Antonio had
flowers what the [ __ ] Rocío Flores I'm going to
kill you for a banquet that not even your
thanks the kid
Rocío Flores around a bomb with
so much David Flores goodbye Antonio David
Flores man are you careful with these
things and so you realize everyone does the
same thing of removing the name of
subscribers this is because they know that
older ladies do not understand
YouTube
okay they know that older ladies do not
understand YouTube and they do this so you do
not see the number of followers they
have if the followers they have  20
followers and don't see it as strange and you
think that they are reliable channels, what about the
others,
then there are other channels that have
dedicated their entire lives to trying to grow
desperately,
oh my god, that weirdo who
was going to move,
well, I'll put it up and again
with whatever and they haven't achieved it
because it's very difficult, I know, you do
n't know what it's like from scratch, starting from
scratch being an anonymous person in your
house and starting to upload a video that
people start to know you, it's a lot of
lying down and hitting from here or to union
your eyes, this thank you very much, thank you very much
and may luck be with you, that
a video is positioned or that
a video of yours falls in grace and they share it, on the
other hand, you understand, I mean, it's very
difficult,
there are people who stick for many years
trying to make videos about
anything, maybe they have made many of
the channels that you know,
Juanca, for example, I think he was dedicated
to politics, to these things of criticism,
Irena Montero, to these things of such and such and at
the moment that he saw this edge he
had no [ __ ] idea who Rocío was
Carrasco had no [ __ ] idea who Juanca
was. I remember the first video I
saw of Juanca. I don't know how many videos
on the subject there were, but she said the one she
was in or with Antonio David Flores. I think his name is
Enrique. He always works in
television. Enrique. Yes, it's true
that he's grown with this subject. When
a more public album comes out, but
Enrique has been trying for a long time
and he's very noble. He's a very
noble kid. But Enrique has been
trying on YouTube for a long time, for many years,
until he succeeded.
Well, let's see what he's achieved by working
hard, giving good news. And
Enrique, if he makes a mistake like the
other day, he'll delete it, rectify it, I don't know
what. But what he showed off in Huancayo is already a
bit shameless. But let's go
all out. Yesterday he deleted it, man,
give us some information, man, I just closed the
page. Here we go.
[Music]